Open with DSM - Source select configure from uri (#9091)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/managing_data_source/opening_data.rst

* The attribute table for vector sources (in the :guilabel:`Attributes`
  panel).

Use :guilabel:`Open with Data Source Manager...` to directly open and configure the
data source in the :guilabel:`Data Source Manager` using the URI of your data source.
This will simplify the process of adding a layer from the :guilabel:`Browser`
by allowing you to set specific opening options for the data source.

> It is currently available for OGR (including the dedicated GPKG source select), GDAL,

Reviewer: Given that it is about the leaves of the browser tree, let's hide unavailable the OGR and GDAL entries and maybe should we replace this with 
```suggestion
It is currently available for vector (including the dedicated GeoPackage entry), raster,
```

> and Spatialite data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and SpatiaLite data sources.
```
Also we might update the table at https://docs.qgis.org/testing/en/docs/user_manual/introduction/browser.html#database-entries (and definitely consider moving this browser section to that dedicated page, as was the initial intention when we created that page).

Author: I will move the browser section to the Browser chapter in another PR.
